Support U+ notation in character.jsp (#351)
unicode-org/unicodetools: docs/unicodejsps/index.md

### Building from the command line

> Run `mvn package -DskipTests` in the repository directory to build the JSPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `mvn -am -pl UnicodeJsps package -DskipTests` at the root directory of the repository to build the JSPs.
```
